Support for Ubuntu 24.04 and Infrastructure/Config Improvements (#714)
zigbee-alliance/distributed-compliance-ledger: README-DEV.md

# Development Guideline

Please note, that the only officially supported platform now is Linux.

> It's recommended to develop and deploy the App on Ubuntu 24.04 (20.4 and 22.04 versions are also supported).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to develop and deploy the App on Ubuntu 24.04. It also works on other versions of Ubuntu(20.04,22.04)
```

Saying 20.04 is supported is not fully true

Author: Updated
